Mfa guides (#221)
rubygems/guides: using-mfa-in-command-line.md

---
layout: default
title: Using multifactor authentication in command line
url: /using-mfa-in-command-line
previous: /setting-up-multifactor-authentication
next: /resources
---

When your MFA level is _UI and API_, we will ask to you provide an OTP

> for `gem signin`, `gem push`, `gem owner --add/remove`. Check [setting up multifactor authentication](/setting-up-multifactor-authentication)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for `gem signin`, `gem push`, `gem owner --add`, `gem owner --remove`. Check [setting up multifactor authentication](/setting-up-multifactor-authentication)
```

for enabling MFA.

> You can preemptively pass otp code using `--otp` flag or else we will prompt

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can preemptively pass an OTP code using `--otp` flag or else we will prompt
```

for the OTP code when required:

    $ gem signin
    Enter your RubyGems.org credentials.
    Don't have an account yet? Create one at https://rubygems.org/sign_up
    Email:   gem_author@example
    Password:

    You have enabled multi-factor authentication. Please enter OTP code.
    Code:   111111
    Signed in.

Passing OTP as flag:

    $ gem signin --otp 111111
    Enter your RubyGems.org credentials.
    Don't have an account yet? Create one at https://rubygems.org/sign_up
    Email:   gem_author@example
    Password:

    Signed in.

Note that `gem signin` only fetches and stores your rubygems.org api key. `gem signin`

> is not equivalent of creating a user session. We will check for OTP code everytime you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is not equivalent to creating a user session. We will check for OTP code every time you
```

> use any of commands mentioned above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
use any of the commands mentioned above.
```

> Publishing a gem after sign in from cli:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Publishing a gem after signing in from cli:
```
